Conan graph explain docs (#3486)
conan-io/docs: reference/commands/graph.rst

   conan graph info: Computes a dependency graph and displays information about it <graph/info>
   conan graph build-order: Computes the detailed sequence of packages that need to be built from source <graph/build_order>
   conan graph build-order-merge: Merge 2 existing build-order sequences into one <graph/build_order_merge>

>    conan graph expolain: Explain what is wrong with the dependency graph, showing missing binaries, closest alternatives, and why they do not matchç

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   conan graph explain: Explain what is wrong with the dependency graph, showing missing binaries, closest alternatives, and why they do not match
```
